The more you study, the more you understand Jehovah, the more you understand Jehovah, the more you love them.
Jehovah clearly tells us that my thoughts are not your thoughts.
So if you want to understand Jehovah's thinking better, we need to dig deep in our study and then share those thoughts with others.
Personal study is like fuel that keeps you going.
Personally, I'm not a good student, but I really learned how to study the Bible. The Bible came alive during Gilead.
Self-discipline is involved very much.
I overcome the tiredness aspect of Bible study by not doing it at a time of day when I know I'm going to be tired.
I can be tired for other things later on, but not for that.
Each session of my Bible study begins with a prayer. Please help me recognize it is counsel for me and then give me the strength to work on it.
I have a color code system, so I know what certain things stand for.
I have a particular color for Jehovah's good hand in people's lives that have another color for warning examples.
I have another four. Find examples to imitate.
Study and Mettation ricks together. Study helps us to acquire information and Mettation empowers us to put that information into practice.
You have to get behind the information, not just focus on one verse or a one chapter.
Study who's involved, the time, the conditions, how many people are there, and then you'll get the true meaning of the verse.